Now that our Meals to Go project is set up and we have the core of the application ready.
To roll, what we want to do next is optional, but you can go ahead and do it is on GitHub, you can
go and create a repository.
Now, I'm going to call it meals to go.
And I'm going to make it public, you can make it private as well.
And what we want to do in there is we want to create that repository.
So now that we have that ready to go for us, we can go back into visual studio code and remember that
I said that we wanted to push up our code or keep track of our code.
Well, meals to go has been set up, but it isn't really set up quite there yet because we don't have
get set up right.
We don't have our source control setup for this project and we're looking at the high level folder.
So what I want you to do now is I want you to go in.
I want you to press open again, and I want you to open meals to go directly because we're opening the
projects folder.
We don't want to commit the projects folder to GitHub.
We want to commit meals to go.
And so now that we're Ishmael's to go specifically.
What I want you to do is go over to the Gett section and I want you to press the three little dots because
it already set up gett for us in this project.
And I want you to say Pushtu.
Now, no remotes configured so at a remote and we're going to add it from GitHub.
Now, I clearly haven't signed up on this computer just yet for Visual Studio Code, so I'm going to
open open like we did in the setup phase and now it's going to find Miles to go.
So I'm going to set that as my remote and I'm going to call it origin, like we did in the original
set up for focus time.
So now Origin has been set up and I'm going to say push to origin.
And so now it's pushing my code, my initial repository up to GitHub.
And if we go over here to meals to go and we refresh, you can see that I have my repository ready and
populated and on GitHub.
OK, so all the code is in GitHub.
Good.
Now we can start building meals to go.